Adding support for printing goal names in CoqIDE (#13145)
coq/coq: doc/changelog/09-coqide/13145-master+coqide-printing-goal-names-support.rst

- **Added:**

>   Support for flag :cmd:`Set Printing Goal Names`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Support for flag :flag:`Printing Goal Names` in View menu
```
